README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)
# My Wallet App

> This is my Rails capstone project in Microverse. This app is about building a mobile web application where you can manage your budget: you have a list of transactions associated with a category, so that you can see how much money you spent and on what.

## Built With

- Ruby.
- Rails.
- PostgreSQL.
- Tailwind.
- Linters.

## Install

- Install Ruby based on your OS from [HERE](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/).
- Install Rails by running this order in your terminal `gem install rails` (good luck with that).
- Install PostgreSQL from this [link](https://www.postgresql.org/download/).

## Getting started

1. Clone the project using git-bash or Githup Desktop.
2. Open the project folder with VSCode or any Editor.
3. Open terminal and navigate to the project folder.
4. Install all gems by run this command `bundle install`
5. Open `database.yml` file inside `./config` folder and put your username and password.
6. Run `rails db:create` and `rails db:migrate` to create and migrate the database then run `rails db:seed` to seed data or to do all that in one command just type `rails db:reset`.
7. Type `rails s` to run live server.
8. Open your browser on this [link](127.0.0.1:3000).

## Tests

1. Insure that you run `bundle install` on your terminal first.
2. To run tests run this command `rspec`.

## Author

👨‍💻 **Omar Muhammad**

- GitHub: [@Omar-Muhamad](https://github.com/Omar-Muhamad)
- Twitter: [@Eng_OmarMuhamad](https://twitter.com/Eng_OmarMuhamad)
- LinkedIn: [@eng-omarmuhammad](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eng-omarmuhammad/)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgement

In this project I give credits to [Gregoire Vella](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella) on Behance the author of the [original design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/19759151/Snapscan-iOs-design-and-branding?tracking_source=), as required by the Creative Commons license of the design.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add deployment link of my site

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)
# My Wallet App

> This is my Rails capstone project in Microverse. This app is about building a mobile web application where you can manage your budget: you have a list of transactions associated with a category, so that you can see how much money you spent and on what.

## Live Site Version

This is the live site [link](https://my-wallet-rails.herokuapp.com/) to my Project.

## Built With

- Ruby.
- Rails.
- PostgreSQL.
- Tailwind.
- Linters.

## Install

- Install Ruby based on your OS from [HERE](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/).
- Install Rails by running this order in your terminal `gem install rails` (good luck with that).
- Install PostgreSQL from this [link](https://www.postgresql.org/download/).

## Getting started

1. Clone the project using git-bash or Githup Desktop.
2. Open the project folder with VSCode or any Editor.
3. Open terminal and navigate to the project folder.
4. Install all gems by run this command `bundle install`
5. Open `database.yml` file inside `./config` folder and put your username and password.
6. Run `rails db:create` and `rails db:migrate` to create and migrate the database then run `rails db:seed` to seed data or to do all that in one command just type `rails db:reset`.
7. Type `rails s` to run live server.
8. Open your browser on this [link](127.0.0.1:3000).

## Tests

1. Insure that you run `bundle install` on your terminal first.
2. To run tests run this command `rspec`.

## Author

👨‍💻 **Omar Muhammad**

- GitHub: [@Omar-Muhamad](https://github.com/Omar-Muhamad)
- Twitter: [@Eng_OmarMuhamad](https://twitter.com/Eng_OmarMuhamad)
- LinkedIn: [@eng-omarmuhammad](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eng-omarmuhammad/)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgement

In this project I give credits to [Gregoire Vella](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella) on Behance the author of the [original design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/19759151/Snapscan-iOs-design-and-branding?tracking_source=), as required by the Creative Commons license of the design.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
